{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f1\b \cf0 Desktop Picture Action
\f0\b0 \
January 17, 2005\
\
Copyright \'a9 2004-2006 Tim Kingman, tim.kingman@gmail.com, Blacktree, and other contributors\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 What is it?
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This plug-in adds a "Set Desktop Picture" action that can act on individual image files or folders or remote URLs. For folders, the desktop picture will be chosen from that folder. The time interval for updating and whether the images will be chosen sequentially or randomly are taken from the last-used settings in the Desktop & Screen Saver Preference Pane. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Requirements\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
	* Quicksilver (B50 or newer, possibly older at your own risk)\
	* Displays Plugin (v82 or newer, optional, for multiple-display support)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Usage
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Activate Quicksilver and select a file, folder, or URL. Choose the Set Desktop Picture action. Optionally, press tab to get a list of connected displays and choose which display to target. By default, this action applies to the main display. Press enter/return to execute.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Warnings
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Using this plugin while the Desktop & Screen Saver Preference Pane is open may lead to unintended side-effects. These are believed to be limited to an unwanted reversion to a previous desktop picture setting when closing the preference pane, but could be as severe as corrupting the desktop picture preferences. If this happens, please move or delete ~/Library/Preferences/com.apple.desktop.plist.\
\
As of version 1.4.5, images from URLs are downloaded into ~/Library/Application Support/Quicksilver/Caches/Desktop Picture Action". Images are never cleaned up from this directory, so if you frequently use URLs to set your desktop picture, this directory may become large. Mac OS X may require that the currently-chosen image remain in this directory, so properly and safely pruning this directory's contents may prove difficult. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Version History
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
1.4.5	Added URL capability (code from Nicholas Jitkoff and/or Kevin Ballard)\
	Restored indirect action for target desktop\
\
1.4.0	First public release of new AppleScript-free version\
	Almost complete internal rewrite\
	Support for multiple displays\
	Support for source folders\
\
1.0.3	Stable "public" release\
	Based on a kludgy AppleScript\
\
1.0	Released on the Quicksilver forums as "TK Desktop Module"\
\
0.9	Private test builds\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Boilerplate
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This program may be freely distributed. It is not guaranteed to work (though it has been extensively tested), and you use it at your own risk. Feel free to contact me with suggestions. 
\f1\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Acknowledgements\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Kevin Ballard - Plugin sample code\
Nicholas Jitkoff - Quicksilver, tons of development help\
playback - Implementation suggestions inspiring post-1.0 work}