<!--
This is the source for the extendedDescription in the Info.plist.
Documentation should be updated here, then converted to HTML and pasted into the plist file.
-->

# Yojimbo Module #

## Overview ##

This plug-in allows you to quickly find, add, and modify items in your Yojimbo library using Quicksilver. It also makes great use of your tags.

This plug-in works with Yojimbo 2.x. It will not work with 1.x. All actions that add or modify items in Yojimbo's library use BareBones supported AppleScript techniques.

## Actions ##

* Add to Yojimbo…
  
  If you type, paste or "grab" some text into Quicksilver, you can add it as a new note Yojimbo with this action. You can also add files. Currently, it will allow PDF, TXT, RTF, JPEG, PNG and GIF. I couldn't find a complete list of supported types, but if you need to add something else, a workaround is to use "Open with… ⇥ Yojimbo".
  
  You'll be asked for a name for the new item in the third pane. There should be a reasonable default.

* Archive to Yojimbo
  
  With a URL selected in Quicksilver, you can add the page it references as a web archive.

* Show in Yojimbo
  
  With a Yojimbo item in Quicksilver's first pane, this should be the default action. It will open (or switch to) Yojimbo with the item selected.

* Add Tags to Item…
  
  With a Yojimbo item in Quicksilver's first pane, you can add tags to it using this action. The third pane will present a list of existing Yojimbo tags. You can select multiple tags using the comma trick, enter tags manually in text-entry mode, or a combination of those.
  
  Note: You cannot add multiple tags in text-entry mode by typing them all at once, but you can enter one at a time as text by typing one, hitting ⎋ then , then . and entering another.

* Append text…
  
  With a Yojimbo note item in Quicksilver's first pane, you can append text to the contents of the note. Enter the text to append in the third pane.

## Workflow ##

Here are a couple of examples of how you might use Quicksilver to interact with Yojimbo.

### Adding an Item ###

1. Select text or a file in Quicksilver.
2. Choose "Add to Yojimbo…" in the second pane.
3. Tab to the third pane to enter a name (or accept the default).
4. Hit ↩
5. The item will be added to Yojimbo and Quicksilver will pop back up with the item in the first pane.
6. Choose "Add Tags to Item…" in the second pane. (You can also open the item, or just hit ⎋ if you don't want to do anything further.)
7. Select or type the tags you want to assign.
8. Hit ↩

### Locating Items ###

All of the items in your Yojimbo library are added directly to the catalog, so simply typing a few characters of the item's name might be enough to find it, but…

All of your tags in Yojimbo are also added to the catalog. If you locate and select a tag, then hit → or /, you will get a list of items in your library that have that tag.

If you locate and select the Yojimbo application itself and hit → or /, you'll go directly to a list of tags. From there, you can hit → or / to go "into" a tag and see individual items.
