{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f1\b \cf0 Weather Plug-in
\f0\b0 \
February 5, 2005\
\
Copyright \'a9 2005 Ralph Churchill, mrchucho@mrchucho.net\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 What is it?
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Updated: Weather Plugin now uses the new 
\f0\i0 National Digital Forecast Database
\f2\i  XML data where available!\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li700\fi40\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 This plugin will query the NOAA website for current weather data and display the current conditions.\
\
The weather plugin uses National Digital Forecast Database which is "a service providing the public, government agencies, and commercial enterprises with data from the National Weather Service\'d5s (NWS) digital forecast database." More information can be found at the NOAA website, http://www.nws.noaa.gov/forecasts/xml/\
\
METAR data will automatically be used when XML is not available. It appears as though XML data is currently only available for the US (and maybe a few others).\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Usage\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 Updated: new Weather Plugin commands have replaced the old "Get Current Conditions"\
\

\f0\i0 The followings commands/actions are available:\
\
* Weather - provides a summary of current conditions, including Last Updated time\
* Temperature\
* Dew Point\
* Humidity - XML Only\
* Winds\
* Visibility\
\
To run a command, just start typing! \
\
To get the appropriate weather for your area, you will need to enter the Station Identifier for the weather station nearest you. These codes can be found on the NOAA website at http://www.nws.noaa.gov/data/current_obs/ (Note: this link is also available by hitting the "Help" button in the plugin preferences).\
\
The weather plugin will cache the data it receives as the stations do not report weather in real-time. The amount of time to cache this data is indicated in the plugin preferences. Currently, the minimum duration is 30 minutes.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Requirements\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
	\'a5 Quicksilver\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Version History\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
	0.6	Added HTTP response code check -- since NOAA may return 404 or 300\
	0.5	Switched to CURL for downloading XML.\
	0.4	Added support for using Notification Helpers. Enable/disable from preferences. Set the Helper under "Helpers" in the main Quicksilver preferences.\
	0.3.1 	Fixed Info.plist to point to Info.rtf.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 0.3.0 	Plugin will automatically fall back to METAR parser when XML is not available. What data is shown depends on what data is available from the station. Finally, removed the cache interval option -- NOAA requires it to be no less than 1 hour.\
0.2.0 	Now uses the new XML data feed. Also added many more commands and improved caching logic. Increased minimum cache time to 60 minutes, as per NOAA spec.\
0.1.0	Initial Release\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Known Issues\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 You may need to rescan the plugin's catalog since the commands have changed.\
\
The default cache period may initially read "3600".\
\
No icon :(\
\
While I did test the METAR parser on a variety of stations from around the world, the METAR part (not the XML) is still a Hack. Each site does things a little differently and there seems to be countless exception cases. If something does not work, please let me know.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Acknowledgements
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The BlackTree community. }